Source : Dragon Ball Wiki (Fandom) — List of Planets. Descriptions EN à traduire/réécrire en FR voix NIKA.

Alpha – A planet that was destroyed by Kid Buu.
Planet Ankoku – Yakon's home planet.
Arak's Planet - The home of the God of Destruction Arak and his attendant Cukatail (Universe 5).
Arcose – Home planet to the Arcosians, a race responsible for supplying the Saiyans with additional money and technology after conquering the Tuffles.
Arlia – A planet home to an insectoid race under a tyrannical government. Vegeta and Nappa kill the ruler King Moai before destroying the planet.
Babari – A planet within Universe 10. Home of savage warriors known as Babarians.
Bas – Home planet of the Bouleans.
Batapi - A planet in the Rakka System.
Big Gete Star – An artificial machine planet assembled around a self-aware computer chip that becomes integrated with Cooler.
Banna – A planet mentioned by Whis in Dragon Ball Super.
Beehay – An asteroid-like planet, populated by giant worm creatures called Mouma.
Beenz – The planet where the Beenz, extremely intelligent people, once lived. Turles revived Rasin and Lakasei from fossils.
Beerus' Planet – The home of the God of Destruction Beerus and his attendant Whis (Universe 7).
Belmod's Planet - The home of the God of Destruction Belmod and his attendant Marcarita (Universe 11).
Cereal - The home planet of the Cerealians (Dragon Ball Super: Super Hero).
Cretaceous – A planet populated by dinosaur creatures. One of the Black Star Dragon Balls landed here.
Dark Planet – The planet where Dr. Lychee's escape pod docked.
Demon Realm – The realm of demons. Dabura's home planet.
Dorakiya – A planet in Universe 11, home of the Dorakiyans.
Earth – The futuristic Earth of Dragon Ball. Home of the Z Fighters. Sometimes referred to as "Dragon World".
Fake Namek – A deserted planet where Zaacro and Raiti were stranded.
Frieza #79 – One of Frieza's bases. Vegeta returns here after his defeat on Earth and encounters his rival Cui.
Frieza #448 – One of Frieza's former occupied planets; by Resurrection F it rebelled and regained control.
Gelbo – A planet with intense seismic activity. Populated by humanoids and a catfish monster called Zoonama. A Black Star Dragon Ball landed here.
Grand Kai's Planet – A planet in the Other World, home of the Grand Kai; hub for the Other World Tournament.
Heaven – A gigantic planet in the Other World, covered with flowers and plants, with a strange glow.
Hera – The home planet of Bojack and the Galaxy Soldiers.
Imecka – The first planet Goku, Trunks, and Pan visit on their quest for the Black Star Dragon Balls; ruled by greedy leaders.
Jung - A planet home to valuable Blue Aurum. Goku and Merus stop the Macareni Siblings from stealing it.
Kanassa – Home planet of the psychic fish-like Kanassans. Bardock's team invaded it (Bardock: The Father of Goku).
King Cold's planet – The planet where Frieza is taken to be repaired.
King Kai's Planet – A very tiny planet in the Other World (~100 m diameter) with 10x Earth's gravity, at the end of Snake Way. Destroyed by Cell's self-destruction.
Konats – Home planet of Tapion and Minotia; origin of Hirudegarn.
Luud – Home planet of a cult who worships a Machine Mutant called Luud.
Makyo Star – Home planet of Garlic Jr. Destroyed by Gohan's Full Power Masenko during the Garlic Jr. Saga.
Meat – The planet where Bardock's team was ambushed and killed by Team Dodoria on Frieza's orders.
Metamor – The home planet of the Metamorans, who invented the Fusion Dance.
Monmaasu – A planet where everything is gigantic. A Black Star Dragon Ball landed here.
Myuu's Planet - The planet where Dr. Myuu performs his experiments and where Baby is located.
Namek – Home of the Namekians. In Universe 7, pillaged then destroyed by Frieza. In Universe 6, it remains.
Nameless Planet – The planet in neutral space between Universes 6 and 7 where Beerus' and Champa's teams held their tournament.
New Namek – The new home planet of the Namekians after the destruction of the original Namek.
New Vegeta – A planet offered to Vegeta by Paragus as a kingdom. Destroyed by the comet Camori.
Pital – A hospital planet.
Polaris – A frozen planet. A Black Star Dragon Ball landed here.
Potaufeu – An arid planet covered in large mushrooms, rumored to house the mystical "Superhuman Water" (actually the weapon Commeson). Only inhabitant: Potage.
Prison Planet - An experiment site created by Fu by chaining multiple planets together (Super Dragon Ball Heroes).
Rudeeze – A desert planet orbiting many stars, populated by Sandipedes. A Black Star Dragon Ball landed here.
Sacred World of the Kai – Home of the Supreme Kais in the Other World, the highest-ranking deities.
Sadala – The home planet of the Saiyans. In Universe 6 it remains (Cabba lives there); in Universe 7 it was destroyed by the Saiyans themselves.
Shamo – A planet enslaved by Paragus and Broly; neighbor of New Vegeta. Destroyed by Broly as a Legendary Super Saiyan.
Slug – The planet which Lord Slug was sent to from Namek as a baby.
Snack – A planet inhabited by Snackians. Galbee is the hero of the planet.
Tech-Tech – Home planet of the Tech-Tech aliens.
Tigere – Home planet of a giant tiger-like creature. A Black Star Dragon Ball landed here.
Vampa - A harsh planet where Broly was sent (Dragon Ball Super: Broly), home to hostile wildlife.
Vegeta/Tuffle – Homeworld of the Saiyans (10x Earth's gravity). Originally Planet Plant, home of Tuffles and Saiyans. Frieza destroyed it to prevent the Super Saiyan of legend. Later restored as Planet Tuffle (Dragon Ball GT).
Wagashi – The home planet of Monaka.
Yardrat – The planet where Goku learned Instant Transmission.
Zoon – Home planet of Pui Pui, with 10x Earth's gravity.
Zuno's Planet – Homeworld for Lord Zuno, who knows all.
Cooler #6 (Zalt) – A water planet; home of Neiz.
Cooler #98 (Brench) – Home of Salza (and possibly Jeice).
M-2 – A planet-type Machine Mutant, home of the Machine Mutant army.
Todokama – A planet that Vegeta and Broly visit.
Kabocha – Homeworld of Daiz, prince of the Pukinpa Dynasty.
Mars – A planet in the North Area. Martians appear in the Other World.
Jupiter – The fifth planet from the Sun, as in real life.
